Sort, filters, readme (#76)
thepieterdc/dodona-plugin-vscode: README.md

## Sorting and filtering courses (Usage)

You can change the order in which courses are shown using the `dodona.treeview.sort` dropdown in the settings. By default, this will be set to sort by `Academic year first (descending), alphabetic second`.

![Sorting](assets/sort-example.png)

When subscribed to a lot of courses, it can often become difficult to find the relevant ones. In case you are a teacher, it could also happen that you want to give a presentation to your students, but don't want to flash your exams and tasks in the sidebar.

You can apply filters to _only_ show courses of certain academic years, or courses with certain id's, by using the `dodona.treeview.courses` and `dodona.treeview.years` fields. Both of these filters can be applied _at the same time_, and they will count as an **AND** filter, meaning that only courses meeting both filters will be shown.

Academic years should be supplied using the `YYYY` format, and be separated by comma's. For example, to only show courses from `2016-2017` and `2020-2021`, you would use `2016,2020`.

![FilterYears](assets/filter-years-example.png)

> Course id's can be found at the end of a course's URL, and should be separated by comma's. For example, to only show courses with id's `123` and `456`, you would use `123,456`.

Reviewer: ' is not a plural thing in English

```suggestion
Course ids can be found at the end of a course's URL, and should be separated by commas. For example, to only show courses with id's `123` and `456`, you would use `123,456`.
```

> ![FilterCOurses](assets/filter-courses-example.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![FilterCourses](assets/filter-courses-example.png)
```
